animals staying babies forever and more
just got added in the newest Minecraft
snapshot. Here's everything that
changed. First, Mojang has been changing
the textures and models of a bunch of
baby mobs. And now Mojang just did a
bunch more. Baby axelottles, dolphins,
turtles, squids, and glow squids all got
updated textures and models. Also, the
hitbox of baby squids, glow squids, and
axelottals got bigger to better match
their visuals. Baby chickens also got
new sounds. But most importantly, Mojang
added a new flower type, the golden
dandelion. It doesn't currently spawn
naturally, but it can be crafted using a
dandelion and eight golden nuggets, and
it can be placed like a normal flower or
turned into yellow dye, but its main use
is on baby animals. If you feed a golden
dandelion to a baby mob, it will stop it
from aging, but this only works on baby
animals, not baby hostile mobs or
villagers. And if you want it to start
aging again, you can feed it another
golden dandelion and will age like
normal.